Helm: Removed extra check preventing Grafana dashboards from getting created (#10902)
grafana/loki: production/helm/loki/CHANGELOG.md

[//]: # (<AUTOMATED_UPDATES_LOCATOR> : do not remove this line. This locator is used by the CI pipeline to automatically create a changelog entry for each new Loki release. Add other chart versions and respective changelog entries bellow this line.)

## 5.31.0

> - [CHANGE] Grafana dashboard are no longer crated solely in scalable mode with external cloud storage enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CHANGE] Grafana dashboards are no longer created solely in scalable mode with external cloud storage enabled.
```
